# CSSC Meeting Minutes 2025 Template

# Administration
## Meeting Start: 8:10pm
### In Attendance
- Sam, Ethan, Lav, Rory, Trinity

### Apologies
- Ben, Kush, Raffa
### Absences
- nil

# Discussion

### Removal as Chloe as Treasurer
- Not going to formally remove Chloe, will do when treasurer training comes about. We'll wait until fresher meeting to find someone new to be 

### Club Signup forms
- Using google sheets and google form. Scan QR code, enter info, committee and executives makes sure people pay and mark off.

### Club File access
- Making a new google drive without sensitive info, full of marketing material and other items for committee to be able to access
- Do we want to keep general files on github or move it. Will have to wait until Ben can attend to discuss this further
- Keeping a good format for meetings, template for types of meeting eg. barbeques, games night. Making a good template for posting events on discord.

### Club cleanup and refurbishment
- Overall cleaning the clubroom, deciding which books to keep and get rid of. Using club locker to store items. Skip bin is there until the 27th Feburary. 
- Hold some sort of garage sale with old items?
- List items we want to keep and remove. eg. old books, boardgames, games, cables, console.
- Lockbox has been given to administration and Hass will contact and get them to install it. Will cost around $30. We have the possibility of painting the room and will be told in future by the building if we can go ahead.
- The hole in the wall is fixed!!!
- Wanting to replace or clean furniture. Having more consistency in the room. eg. filing cabinet is ugly, moving tea and other things. Get stools (easily stacked and can move out the way)
- Asking for a grant for furniture, application for a special project grant. Put thought into writing it and good reasons.

### Club Marketing and Merch
- stickers printed for campus cards, needed ASAP. Can get from uni print.
- Marketing committee review, once that is done they'll create the plan for O-day and fresher welcome and maybe 1st barbecue

### Club Website
- Needs to be modernised. Make it useful, follow the colours and look nice.
- Anton may sponser the club's cloud upkeep costs up to $150.
- Make it worth the money spent on it.
- Put wiki on the website and actively update it?
- Swap where we do minutes

### Banking
- update access to the bank account for executives. We're okay to keep Sam. 
- Want our online banking to have correct privileges for the executive.
- Deactive cards and get a new 'executive' banking card
- Withdraw money from guild and put in our bank account. 2 executives to sign, only certain amount of money and for a certain event.

### Exec Training
- Trinity Ben and Ethan need to make sure they've done their exec training, food safety and online modules

### SOCPAC
- attend SOCPAC meetings
- Make sure SOCPAC know that Ethan is stand in treasurer and will fufill duties for now before we get a new one.

### 2026 Committee
- leave 4 spacers for freshers to be elected
- aiming for 10 people on committee
- door subcommittee to be chosen, marketting committee to be chosen (4) - at the moment is Trinity and Lav

### Sponsors
- PLE sponsorship prospect email sent.
- Generally action a sponsor email to be sent once a month

### Meeting dates
- O-day meeting 5th Feburary
- Fresher Welcome meeting 12th Feburary
- executive meeting and committee meetings alternating each week. 
- Monday nights

### Agenda for next meeting
- review changes for minute keeping
- review website
- clubroom cleanup stuff **
- following up on sponsorship stuff

# Conclusion
## Action Items
| Item    | Person(s) In Charge | Due By  |
| Club Sign up forms | Trinity | 1/2/26 |
| Google Drive Creation | Ethan | 3/2/26 |
| Creation of templates: minutes, discords announcements, events | Ben, Ethan | Anytime... |
| Club Item Audit, to remove, sell, keep | Anyone | 28/2/26 |
| Follow up on campus storage | Trinity | 15/2/26 |
| Write furniture/special project grant message | Ethan, Trinity, Ben | End of Feb |
| Club Stickers | Ben | ASAP |
| Review Marketing subcommittee | Ethan | ASAP |
| Marketing Action Plan | Marketing Committee | 3/2/26 |
| Website review/plan | Ethan, Trinity | 1/2/26 |
| Ben convince us to change minute software | Ben | anytime |
| Fix Online Banking Privileges | Ethan, Everyone | 29/1/26 |
| Sign up for Exec Training | Ben | ASAP |
| Online Modules | Trinity, Ben | ASAP|
| Food Safety | Executives | ASAP |
| Email SOCPAC to let know he is treasurer | Ethan | Soon |
| Email Redbull guy for sponsor | Ben | 1/2/26 |
| Find another potential sponsorship & email | Ben | 1/2/26 |


## Meeting End: 9:44pm