# CSSC Meeting Minutes 2022-04-03
## Meeting Convened: 10:07am

## In Attendance
- Mustafa [President]
- Jack [Secretary]
- Cathy [Marketing Officer]
- Uways [Fresher Rep]
- Rados [OCM]
- Yasa [OCM] (Joined call 10:11am)

## Apologies
- Callan [Treasurer]
- Naomi [Woman's Rep]
- Maaz [OCM]
- Hendrik [OCM]

## Absences
- Jordan [Vice President]

# General Business

## Club Introduction
- We are a very old club with a long history.
- Shutdown after a while and UCC formed.
- Opened up again in the 200s.
- Not guild afilliated until 2009, so we are self sustainable.
- We are more of a department society.
- Lots of freedom compared to other club.
- Lots of support from HoD and CSSE.
- We have stickers now!
	- Feel free to hand them out to existing members.
	- We used to have PCB keychains, but company making them went bust.

## Club Availability
- 6 people max in clubroom.
- We would like committee members to hold the clubroom open whenever possible.
- Will be submitting form to CSSE admin soon.
	- After which, ordinary committee members will be able to get keys from admin Tuesday to Friday until 3pm.
	- Will need to close clubroom by around 6pm.

## Committee Meet up
- Committee Meetup dinner
- Need to pencil in a time
- During study break?

## Social Media
- Need to start a LinkedIn account
- We should start posting regularly on social media
	- Maybe a weekly tech post?
	- Could happen until we have website sorted.
	- Ordinary Committee could take turns writing tech posts?
- Would like to redesign everything
	- New style guide for promotional and marketing materials
	- New logo?
- Need a prospectus for future sponsors.
	- Tiered sponsorship?

## Suggestions
- Discord channel for cimmunity to give feedback.

## Sponsorship
- Tactics is our principal sponsor
- We are keen to reach out to more sponsors
	- Big Tech

## Q&A
- What sort of events do we hold?
	- We used to be more social/gaming oriented
	- We are planning to run more educational events this year
		- Workshops, talks, study nights, etc.
- Do we have guest speakers?
	- None currently.
	- We would like to have guest speakers though.

# Conclusion

## Action Items
- Logo redesign: Cathy
- Identify potential guest speakers and draft emails: Uways
- Create a new style guide: Cathy, Rados

## Meeting Concluded: 10:52am