# CSSC Meeting Minutes 2022-04-23

## Meeting Convened:  9:33pm

## In Attendance
- Jordan Campbell [Vice President]
- Jack Sun [Secretary]
- Cathy Ngo [Marketing Officer]
- Kaiqi Liang [Postgrad Rep]
- Rad Markovic [OCM] (Joins 9:51pm)
- Maaz Ahmed [OCM] (Joins 10:06pm; Leaves 10:12pm)
- Eugene Perdana [OCM] (Joins 10:36pm)

## Apologies
- Mustafa Saeed [President]
- Naomi Brough [Equity Rep]
- Uways Minty [Fresher Rep]
- Yasa Wiharja [OCM] 
- Hendrik Pascua [OCM]

## Absences
- Callan Gray [Treasurer]
- Josh Patton [OCM]

# Events
## Lan Party After report
- Someone lost a controller
- Cables has been put away
- Need to address difficulty finding clubroom
- Inter-uni esports club collabs?
- Some people brought PCs but didn't know which games to play
  - polls to select games pre lan party?
  - Disclose games we are playing pre lan party
- Availability of network switch for regular use?
  - Need to get a working router
- Need a food schedule
- Need a proper competition structure
- Anton had to walk uphills both ways in snow back in his day
- Potential UniGames collab?

## Planning Events
- Need to do EMPs for everything
- I'm ready certificate for serving food
  - Event Manager
    - Post-event reflections
  - First aid officer
    - Rad has a first aid certificate

## Student Advice
- Maybe run that earlier in the year

## Workshops
- Working in a start up
- Maybe a panel with people working in industries

## Microsoft Protege
- Information session
- We will be cohosting

## Committee Dinner
- Pre exam week or
- Post exam week

## Golden Spanner
- We will attend

## Bi weekly sausage sizzles
- $1 for snags
- Used to be profitable
- Make the first few free?
- Used to run common lunch hour on Tuesday
- Need the fairy floss machine
  - Free fairy floss
- Need to get a time table for every event to plan for sausage sizzles
- We want to get as many people signed up as possible
  - Rotating BBQ days?
  - Need to get club room open

## Python workshops
- Start week 10: Python workshop

# General Business
## Logo redesign
- Excellent designs by Cathy

## Mascot
- Female?
- Swan?

## Sponsors
- No updates

## Fac Soc 
- We are not officially facsoc
- UEC is currently

## Website
- Do a rebuild
- ✨Modern Web Dev✨

## Finance
### Semester Grants
- Keep receipts
- Submit them to Guild for "tax returns"

### Special Project Grants
- Submit applications anyways

## Cashflows
- Need an audit officer
  - Congratulations Rad
- Need to get list of club's assets and liabilities

# Conclusion

## Action Items
- Jack to email re: Protege
- Cathy to email re: Golden Spanner
- Timeline for website: Jack
- Work on Server: Jordan

## Meeting Concluded: 10:58pm